Fix an f-string crash in ESP. (#3463)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

- Fix a crash in preview style with assert + parenthesized string (#3415)
- Fix crashes in preview style with walrus operators used in function return annotations
  and except clauses (#3423)
- Fix a crash in preview advanced string processing where mixed implicitly concatenated

>   regulard & f- strings start with an empty span (#3463)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  regular and f-strings start with an empty span (#3463)
```
